Feature/remove analyzers references (#19)
allegro/dotnet-sdk: README.md

    "Allegro.DotnetSdk": "2.1.0"
  }
}
```

### Directory.Build.props

The `Directory.Build.props` file should be updated in order to actually import
the SDK:

```xml

<Project>

>     <Sdk Name="Allegro.DotnetSdk"/>

Reviewer: No ta zmiana prettiera akurat stoi w opozycji do realnego formatowania robionego przez dotnet-tooling (VS, dotnet, Rider etc). Zazwyczaj jest ta spacja na końcu: ` />`.

- `AllegroDotnetSdkTreatWarningsAsErrors` (default: true in CI and Rider IDE) -
  to enable in local shell or other IDEs, just set your own user environment
  variable `TreatWarningsAsErrors=true`.
- `AllegroDotnetSdkEnableGlobalEditorConfig` (default: true) - add
  `editorconfig.global` analyzer configuration file.
- `AllegroDotnetSdkEnablePackAdjustments` (default: true) - sets
  PublishRepositoryUrl and enables `.snupkg` symbols.
- `AllegroDotnetSdkEnableAzureArtifactsAdjustments` (default: false) - disables
  `.snupkg` and instead embeds PDBs in `.nupkg`.

For `C#` only:

- `AllegroDotnetSdkEnableImplicitUsingsAdjustments` (default: true for C#) - add
  `System.Collections.Immutable` and remove `Microsoft.Extensions.Logging` and
  `System.Net.Http` implicit usings.
- `AllegroDotnetSdkEnableStyleCopConfig` (default: true for C#) - references a
  preset `stylecop.json`.

Configure in `Directory.Build.props` - repo wide:

```xml

<Project>

    <Sdk Name="Allegro.DotnetSdk"/>

    <PropertyGroup>
        <!-- The line below disables nullable reference types -->
        <Nullable>disable</Nullable>
        <!-- The line below disables the StyleCop -->

>         <AllegroDotnetSdkEnableStyleCopConfig>false</AllegroDotnetSdkEnableStyleCopConfig>

Author: wywaliłem AllegroDotnetSdkEnableStyleCop

Reviewer: Dobry pomysł.

</Project>
```

> ## Analyzers

Author: Nowa sekcja

Author: Tutaj ten tekst to tak trochę byle jak, Amadeusz dobrze jakby na to sporzał czy to jest poprawny "powód"/"rekomendacja"

> This SDK exclusively specifies rules for analyzers. Avoiding direct references

Reviewer: Mój pomysł na rozwinięcie akapitu:

```suggestion
This SDK provides some default configuration (rules severity) for selected analyzers: StyleCop, Meziantou and AsyncFixer. It doesn't actually reference them. Avoiding direct references ensures that developers can seamlessly apply and update analyzers without being
tied to specific versions.
```

ensures that developers can seamlessly apply and update analyzers without being

> tied to specific versions.
> 
> To add analyzers via CPM:
> 
> ```xml
> 
> <Project>
>     ...
>     <PropertyGroup>
>         <!-- Enable central package management with transitive pinning -->
>         <!-- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/central-package-management -->
>         <ManagePackageVersionsCentrally>true</ManagePackageVersionsCentrally>
>         <CentralPackageTransitivePinningEnabled>true</CentralPackageTransitivePinningEnabled>
>     </PropertyGroup>
> 
>     <ItemGroup>
>         <GlobalPackageReference Include="AsyncFixer" Version="1.6.0"/>
>         <GlobalPackageReference Include="Meziantou.Analyzer" Version="1.0.758"/>
>         <GlobalPackageReference Include="StyleCop.Analyzers" Version="1.2.0-beta.435"/>
>     </ItemGroup>
>     ...
> </Project>
> ```
> 
> and without central package management:
> 
> ```xml
> 
> <Project>
>     ...
>     <ItemGroup>
>         <!-- https://github.com/DotNetAnalyzers/StyleCopAnalyzers -->
>         <PackageReference Include="StyleCop.Analyzers" Version="1.2.0-beta.435">
>             <PrivateAssets>all</PrivateAssets>
>             <IncludeAssets>runtime; build; native; contentfiles; analyzers</IncludeAssets>
>         </PackageReference>
>         <!-- https://github.com/semihokur/AsyncFixer -->
>         <PackageReference Include="AsyncFixer" Version="1.6.0">
>             <PrivateAssets>all</PrivateAssets>
>             <IncludeAssets>runtime; build; native; contentfiles; analyzers</IncludeAssets>
>         </PackageReference>
>         <!-- https://github.com/meziantou/Meziantou.Analyzer -->
>         <PackageReference Include="Meziantou.Analyzer" Version="1.0.758">
>             <PrivateAssets>all</PrivateAssets>
>             <IncludeAssets>runtime; build; native; contentfiles; analyzers</IncludeAssets>
>         </PackageReference>
>     </ItemGroup>
>     ...
> </Project>
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
tied to specific versions.

To add analyzers, include the following in your `Directory.Build.props` or `Directory.Packages.props` file:

```xml
<Project>
    <!-- ... -->
    <ItemGroup>
        <GlobalPackageReference Include="AsyncFixer" Version="1.6.0"/>
        <GlobalPackageReference Include="Meziantou.Analyzer" Version="1.0.758"/>
        <GlobalPackageReference Include="StyleCop.Analyzers" Version="1.2.0-beta.435"/>
    </ItemGroup>
    <!-- ... -->
</Project>
```
````
